Added Security Considerations (#34)
confidential-computing/twi-wimse: draft-twi-reference-architecture.md

# Security Considerations

> Maintaining security guarantees of Confidential Computing within the WIMSE reference architecture calls for adding the extensions specified in this draft.

Reviewer: Here we should reference a Confidential Computing Document, which takes all the Security of the CC solutions into consideration that CC solutions require XYZ security aspects,  and then refer it here to mention they all apply to TWI based architecture...

> Specifically, strong binding between the credential and the hosting enviroment, utilizing proof-of-possession of a workload credential backed by a key that is safeguarded against disclosure via data-in-use protections offered by Confidential Computing is a must-have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, strong binding between the credential and the underlying hardware platform, utilizing proof-of-possession of a workload credential backed by a key that is safeguarded against disclosure via data-in-use protections offered by Confidential Computing is a must-have.
```

Reviewer: let us rename it to specific terms used in CC, as hosting environment links to host or OS software, which is not part of the CC TCB..

> Additionally, invesion of the trust relationship between the workload and the hosting environment (where the workload cannot trust the hosting environment to attest it for purposes of obtaining a credential and must instead perform its own attestation) is another critical extension dictated by Confidential Computing.

Reviewer: -Section in Line 222 is not clear at all, did you mean, in addition to underlying platform, the Workload MUST be capable to attest itself, to an independent third party Attestation Verification to establish the security guarantees required for establishing Trust demanded by TWI Architecture?

Author: What I mean to saw is that WIMSE expects the hosting environment to attest the workload, and under CC the workload must attest itself using underlying hardware platform's capabilities that Confidential Computing offers.

Reviewer: ok, I will re-word the statement then, I will suggest a few edits to this PR!
